the Germany
look what they were look at in the eye of each one of you
but the bad phase said
how the sea had won
ricardo toledo with
Hallelujah
the word war
to bilhota xavier malisse that continues the first word that dominates
the missing word
the word that gave show
the word comes
the word
the point is that the trucker died
hallelujah from the church the new church x our lady of the rich village
the church our lady of the 3rd rich village steve blue area
the West suspects that the life of Adrian has been neglected
gross debt total support activity
palm real life
Let's see here.
our faithful who attended our time away
how many of you here present what should be to find a little bit
from there all those who are at home watching us intact the
National territory
small population many of you have a profile on orkut
but raise your hand
he stopped
but did not know how many have profile on orkut
the November threat
until 12 a.m. who have a profile
a twitter profile meanwhile
every hour while the three years
the terrorist cell in Norway they all have the mouse
If I'm going to tell you, brothers.
you think and these machines are saving you guys you think
these machines are helping you
you think I know that these manifestations
here in the gypsy
we are helping the ride of their lives but they are not seeing
they are not
manuel ax to the door of entry for heavier drugs
now it is necessary to have in hand
Patricia warns there
Patricia told Lula to talk to people to mabe someone who was being
al is not enough to call because person
You have to send request messages to them.
the fmf because we do not just want to talk we want to send them
are accepted person
You say you're going to go.
Hallelujah
the Senate race goes badly
you have to have an internet connection besides maradona
The class now needs to state
because the technology controls invade Iraq and Turkey will be that the
connect the driver
so if it was not worth it anymore the seal will qualify life and leave
photographer sending message to receive message looks like delegation
so if the squid has to do everything to repeat
it's over
ducks small
shipments of the catar that childish light throughout
he is astonished with waters social network
lots of people out there
prefer
on December 6th
I love you for your wife.
can caress them their daughter and said 'daddy featured as post-copa
six months he lack is a way how loved people do not want
to see
I think it's the correct one.
want to send messages with the site of uol
because those who live here no longer matter because it affects virtually
of the importance of sport in life of any other kind added
I'll do what I'll do.
who wants to reach the final in the capital peace
you have to grow up
it is up to seven sins that the court of appeal
deborah is to repeat the previous dose of the vaccine
the current load
all the computers you prefer
living with their own problems of the taxation system on
documentation proving that death
you put to seek your meaning in life
How much do you want to know who you are young?
This same thing happens with the car told
to attract customers
in this sense
only in this sense do not want interest 20 of me
This is the third one that appears on the list every Tuesday.
but we will be doing here accessing download
we can only thank all your electronics in the past
the great great pianists and keyboard player roberto lopes
now I can transmit
the icatú group because of the evil I catch you sarkozy challenges was sin that
have practiced against the tiger is the guy who wants to investigate
in an unprecedented life of my life as well as being a simple life of a
virtual life a life without compromise but would accept a life without party-mg one
growing opposition
right-back iran cercato
castellani
the manager of this year against her audience kit
I pointed out that your life is connected
who wants to achieve healing
I want you
you face the deaths can reach the cure
You come in handy at church, our lady of crime.
you have a cost
It's got cell phones.
do you have twitter
You have to want to get rid of how long you have not spoken to your
grandfather around you
five years but why they died
now
anyway let's move on
come on, do not give up on trade
he pedrinho pedro
now for the monitoring of the house dedica
the keyboard is unfair
also has increased responsibilities
and you will pass affirmed
and you will catch all the rage however the currentness of the products being that the
Computer already gave you
all the problems arising are all doubts that the fliers gil
all this you will pick up the phone and say that you will say that I will find out
which daley is a detailed survey
tavares
answered the phone 41 points out of the house availability and the lowest cost
it was time
well now I'll disconnect the patient spines
renato gave right, thanks a lot and until the gang
in our state
the electronics for the grape festival
it's also true
the recharge of the defender many apparatus that a superb welcomed me
why getting lost will lead a wonderful life that ends with an appeal
for voters staying here with another church service on Saturday to
queue is actually the culprit
and it was a pleasure to be with you to be back in the next government.
conniving
check out sevilla habitual challenge of the normal life of sin
and when you make real life according to senator bahia houses